Add Docker compose example and description to README (#735)
buchgr/bazel-remote: README.md

You can adjust the maximum cache size by appending `--max_size N`, where N is
the maximum size in Gibibytes.

### Docker Compose notes

> * See [examples/docker-compose.yml](examples/docker-compose.yml) for an example configuration.
> 
> * To overwrite the default maximum cache size of the prebuilt image use the `command` or
>   build your own image as described below

Reviewer: Thanks for the contribution.

The second point is a little confusing to me, how does this sound to you:
```suggestion
See [examples/docker-compose.yml](examples/docker-compose.yml) for an example configuration (modify the `--max_size` flag in there to suit your needs).
```
